Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I was a girl like many others.
I had many dreams.
But I never thought that my life
would give me so much.
FEBRUARY 2021
THE NIGHT OF THE GOLDEN GLOBES
-Here we are.
-Damn. Dad. come here.
Come on.
We won!
Daddy!
Oh. my God…
I can't believe it.
Congratulations.
Go. Laura!
Holy cow! Giuseppe!
Yay! Come here!
Mom!
Well done.
Help. Marlon's here!
My heart was breaking. in bed.
Paola?
Mommy won.
Did you win?
Yes. sweetheart. I won.
Are you happy?
It's Harry Potter's magic.
Sweetheart. give me a kiss.
Look how happy they are.
Paola. are you happy. darling?
Laura. there's a surprise for you.
What is it?
FALL 1992
SOLAROLO - EMILIA ROMAGNA. ITALY
And now I know what they're are saying
It's a terrible beauty we've made
So we make our love on wasteland
And through the barricades
Laura! It's late. go to bed!
This was my life when I was 17.
A life similar to those
of many girls from Solarolo.
Except that besides studying art.
doing homework.
going to church. and babysitting.
I used to play in piano bars
with my dad Fabrizio.
I really liked playing in piano bars
and I didn't want to give up anything.
That's why some mornings I had to rush
to get the 7:30 am train
that would take me to school. in Faenza.
And. like all teenagers.
I was madly in love.
Have you seen Marco?
I was happy that way.
But then. one day…
Laura Pausini. there's a call for you.
Hello?
Laura. you got accepted into Sanremo!
Do you get it? You're going to Sanremo!
Marco has left and will never come back
The 7:30 am train without him
Is a soulless. metal heart
In the grey. cold mornings in the city
The winner is Laura Pausini.
with 7.464 points!
The youngest contestant!
Laura Pausini!
She's the youngest contestant. she's 18.
How old are you?
Look. it's a win that the whole orchestra
agrees with. right?
Laura Pausini. Give it up for her!
That night. at 18.
I won the most important
music festival in Italy.
I remember that. right after.
I asked my parents.
"What does a person
who becomes famous do?"
I sing
For whoever wants to listen
-Bravo!
-Laura.
From Romagna.
Give me a big kiss!
Hi!
She's here for you today.
Lip balm.
Laura! Laura! Laura!
I sing
Hello!
Hands in my pocket and I sing
My voice rejoicing and I sing
The band inside my head and I sing
Laura Pausini!
I'm running in the wind and I sing
My whole life and I sing
It's spring and I sing
The last night and I sing
For whoever wants to listen
I want to sing
Always. always singing
Singing
I sing
SEPTEMBER 2020
Okay. now let's try with "pizzette."
-Can you divide it into syllables? How?
-Yes.
"Piz-zet-te."
Well done.
ROME
LAURA'S HOUSE
There's only two left. then we will read.
So. "cedrata." Do you know what it is?
-Yes.
-Good.
-Have you ever drank it?
-No.
-Not even in school?
I'll let you taste it.
Smiles - Joy
Grandparents - Complicity
Loving
Paola - Life - Love
Happiness
Almost 30-year long career.
Of incredible experiences.
To this day. I wake up and wonder.
"Why me?"
This past year the world has stopped.
Music has stopped. too.
And for the first time.
I've had the time
to live a normal life.
And I really enjoyed it.
There's a question
that's been bugging me forever.
and has become
even more persistent lately.
What would have I done
if I hadn't won Sanremo?
What would my job have been?
Would I have had a family?
Would I have been happy anyway?
Would I have sung anyway?
In short.
who would I have been?
You keep sending your messages.
while we listen
to another song from the past.
Let's see who remembers it.
No way!
Marcello?
Put that phone away. please.
Listen here.
Remember I told you I went to Sanremo?
To compete with young singers.
Yes. but you didn't win. right?
No. I didn't.
but it was
an unforgettable experience. Marcello.
Yeah. right.
Listen. Marcello.
You really are something.
Let's change radio station.
-I like this one.
-Great.
Okay. we're here.
Bye. Mom.
Bye. sweetie. Be good. okay?
Yes.
Every time I try to imagine
a different life.
that's how I think it would have been.
I would've stayed in Romagna
and I would've kept studying.
Architecture. probably.
And I would have done anything
to open my own pottery shop
for which I took my high school diploma.
PAUSINI CERAMICS
I think I would have had many chances
to succeed in my work. anyway.
I always had several plan B's.
I liked to learn.
I wasn't afraid to test myself.
And I've always been fascinated
by many professional fields.
Not to have a safety net.
just for pleasure.
because I never liked to depend on others.
I always thought that to be fulfilled.
I had to count on myself.
Organized. but a dreamer.
Simple. but combative.
Anyway. surrounded by art.
in all its forms.
LAURA'S HOUSE
ROME
Rosaria. I really like the song 711.
I want to try it out.
Make the bass higher.
not the voice.
I left you in a box
To remember you
Go back to the beginning of the chorus.
I'd like to try the final part. but…
I'm too low here.
I hear a cell phone
-Ornella Vanoni?
-Yes.
I don't know the lyrics by heart yet. so…
I feel like singing…
Without you I haven't been able since ever
Something like that. Try. Let's test.
Test me. No. I want to say it here.
Test me a bit
Test me
Do you remember when we
Would stare at the dark sky…
Today I'm much more aware
about what my life has become
and who I am.
When I think back to when I started.
making my first steps into this world.
I feel fond of myself.
I get emotional. I was just a girl.
Laura Pausini!
Thank you!
Laura was shaking.
she couldn't wait to end the song.
Last night. after singing. she relaxed.
-Yes. I lost all my adrenaline.
-Right?
I felt like a whole layer coming off
and I thought. "It's finally over!"
It may seem strange.
but I didn't go to Sanremo
to become famous.
For me. it was already rock and roll
to play in piano bars with my dad.
I know what has happened this year.
but it still feels weird to me
that I have two records out
with my name on them.
But everything happened so quickly.
That night was incredible for everyone.
for my family and my town.
My grandmas were the most excited.
How did it feel?
It was a very big emotion.
I heard you used to sing. too.
In the church. as a girl. Like Laura.
I won Sanremo and that night.
among the audience. there was the person
who picked the song playlists
for radio stations in the Netherlands.
Without even asking the record label.
he played La solitudine on the radio
and. all of a sudden.
I was at the top of the charts there.
Here is the fantastic Laura Pausini!
So I started working in France.
Belgium. Switzerland. Germany.
Finland. Sweden…
I went everywhere in Europe.
singing in Italian.
...and she's singing about loneliness.
In Italian. "la solitudine."
Here's Laura Pausini.
Tim Rice. the author
of Jesus Christ Superstar.
even wrote the English version
of La solitudine.
It was crazy. and I remember
the 18-year-old Laura saying. "I'm ready."
This is Laura Pausini.
Soy Laura Pausini.
At some point.
when I was 19 years old.
they asked me to sing in Spanish.
That's when I realized
something huge was happening.
Laura Pausini. here she is!
Number one in Spain.
the Netherlands and Belgium.
You're doing very well
in other charts. too. so…
this Europe Prize is well deserved
by Laura Pausini.
-Thank you.
-Laura Pausini.
-Here she is. Congratulations. Laura.
-Thanks.
Since I succeeded in Europe.
I had to go
to a different European city every day.
But I couldn't easily leave Solarolo.
so I moved to Milan.
and I was alone for the first time.
So my parents looked for someone
who could be like a nanny to me.
That's how I met Mati.
who's with me till today.
Because. even though I was 18.
I was afraid to be alone away from home.
On the first night I was terrified.
But. like... tonight I'm happy.
My mom scolded me
because she doesn't want me to say "like."
She says I have to speak properly.
because I'm 20 now
and people need to know that I can speak
Italian. I cannot use dialect.
Suddenly. I had to realize
that I was still Laura from Solarolo.
but I belonged to anyone who wanted me.
When your life changes so much at 18.
everything is wonderful.
but also difficult.
You don't have time for normal stuff.
and sometimes you can feel lonely.
I always had my family watching over me.
and they still do.
Because my family is my core.
I use six eggs even though we're five.
Why?
LAURA PAUSINI'S HOME. ROME
Because last time
you ate so much that…
We're hungry people.
I think that love and happiness
sometimes come in ways you don't expect.
-So. now tell me…
-This meal…
and Jacopo if we did well.
-Should we score you?
-Yes.
-Well…
-Don't be shy.
-Let's see.
-Have you tasted it yet?
I'd say A-.
-Oh. my. thank you.
-Wow.
I thought I'd get married
in church with a white dress.
Instead. one day I met Paolo.
who already had kids.
Who made it? The Romagnola?
I made it with him.
The eggs are slightly overcooked. but…
Come on. that's not true.
No. I'm kidding.
We've reached a beautiful balance now.
There's Paola and her brothers.
Jader. Jacopo. and Joseph.
-Hey. handsome!
-Hi. Laura!
Welcome among us.
Oh. Mr. Paolo Carta is here.
Paolo came into my life
the day he started to work
on the stage with me.
By the way. it was my dad
who suggested I work with him.
Initially. we didn't even speak
to each other.
Because Paolo is very shy.
he's not like me. talking non-stop.
-Interview with Paolo Carta.
-Hi.
-Paolo Carta…
-Yes?
No. forget it.
I don't know. suddenly I felt something
I had never felt before.
Come on. on the kick drum…
Paolo and I have been together
for 17 years now.
We've always been together. really.
During these 17 years.
I think I've only been away from him
for 20 days. total.
Our relationship is unique.
There's love.
But… it's something that goes beyond that.
There's affection.
I see family in his eyes.
For me. he's my family.
Jader. how's your love life going?
-It's not bad.
-It sucks.
-I'm kidding.
-I love it.
But why "not bad"?
No. it's going well.
-Are you happy now?
-Yes.
I've set my head straight.
Why?
Listen to her! What do you know?
-And you. Jacopo?
-I'm not two. father.
-"Father?"
-How old do you think I am?
"Daughter." how old are you?
-Eight.
-So you can do whatever you want.
-Water. please. Mom. I'm full.
-Paola. you make me proud.
First of all. speak right. I don't like
you using all these Roman words.
You were born in Bologna.
so speak your dialect. okay?
"I was born in Bologna."
Good. See? A bit of dialect.
-Ballott'
-Good.
Okay. now rinse them.
Wash the toothbrush.
One thing I know for sure.
"Now. the road was smooth…"
Even if I hadn't won Sanremo
and I hadn't lived this life.
I would have done anything
to become a mom anyway.
Sure you don't want to come with me?
Yes.
Okay.
Remember that Aunt Silvia is next door.
if you need anything.
-Yes.
-Everything's fine with Physics?
Do you need to review it?
-No. Mom.
-Tell me a principle…
Archimedes' principle.
Archimedes…
Well? Put the phone down.
So. look at me.
-A body immersed in a fluid…
-Sinks.
No. Marcello!
If it doesn't sink. it floats.
One or the other.
It experiences an upward thrust.
-Who thrusts it?
-The principle does!
It's easy. So…
Look. a cork.
A fork.
I immerse them in water…
-Why don't we google it?
-Marcello. get up.
Come here.
Now I'll take your phone
and immerse it in the water.
so you'll get the principle right away.
Come on!
-Oh. gosh!
-Girls!
-What?
-Paola! Girls.
-That's enough. Come out.
-My turn.
I've had the wish to become a mom
for many years. It's like…
I was born with it.
Come on. you have to come out of the pool.
-Please.
-No!
-Well…
When I met Paolo. I understood
that it was with him that I wanted to make
my wish come true.
But it didn't happen.
I couldn't get pregnant.
Paolo would say.
"Don't worry. don't get upset."
But I was really hurting.
I even thought it had to do with the luck
I had had with my career.
Having been so lucky there.
I had bad luck becoming a mom.
I wrote a song which is called Celeste
to give myself one last chance.
Something to believe I could make it.
You'll have your father's eyes
And his melancholy
The year I was on tour with that song.
I remember I was doing a concert
in Perugia
and I couldn't breathe properly on stage.
I would often approach Paolo and tell him.
"I can't sing. I'm out of breath."
That's why I went to sleep
to my parents' house that night.
When I woke up the next morning.
I don't why.
but I decided to take the pregnancy test.
They were in the dining room.
I sat at the table. I looked at my sister
and I told her.
"Hi. auntie."
And… we all started to cry.
OCTOBER 2012
OFFICIAL FAN CLUB PARTY
Thank you very much.
A few months later.
I shared the news with my fans.
who were already suspecting something.
How difficult it was to keep the secret!
From that moment on. a new Laura was born.
I don't know how to explain it.
I felt like
I was flying.
Be a bit classier.
Grandma is already complaining.
I felt really slim
when I was actually really fat.
I felt beautiful. but…
I can't explain it. but I felt… whole.
So. I'm here with the baby bottle.
Listen. the song Celeste started.
We're filming this video
because you're still in here.
and maybe in the next one
you won't be in here anymore.
You'll be out.
We're almost there. Oh. God.
FEBRUARY 8. 2013
Congratulations. Give me your tiny hand.
It's been a pleasure for me. too.
Thank you. bye.
The duet of the year is ready!
Go.
Try to say. "And…" Again.
I'm just like you
-A kiss on the forehead and then on the...
-Lips
-So? Well done. Congratulation.
-Good.
You hit three notes wrong.
-Who?
-You.
Which ones?
-You always…
-No. I did…
Paola grew up with music.
I think she would likely want
to follow in our footsteps.
I really fear the comparison with me.
I wonder if it's right
to cultivate this passion of hers
like my father did with me.
My dad always played a fundamental role.
as a father.
but also in music.
-Name.
-Fabrizio Pausini.
-Just the first name.
-Fabrizio.
-Last name.
-Pausini.
-Age.
-Sixty years old.
Okay. Occupation.
I'm a musician. A great musician.
Do you have any comment on the artist?
I'm too partial. I would say…
extraordinary.
-Oh. Daddy…
-Number one.
You're so sweet.
I had sung in piano bars for ten years.
In winter. we used to play in Bologna
in a pizza restaurant.
while in summer I used to sing every night
in the square of Cervia.
I sang different songs every night.
Ten years of piano bar gave me
a strong sense of discipline.
and I owe it to him.
Of course. let's not forget about Gianna.
What's your relationship
with Laura Pausini?
Well. I carried her in my womb
for nine months.
seven of which I was stuck in bed.
so I deserve to enjoy her success.
Oh. my! So you're her mom.
Yes. I am. I don't know if you can tell.
Thank you. goodbye.
-Oh. the interview is over?
-Yes. it's short.
Okay. well. goodbye. then. Bye bye!
She always wanted me
to become a pharmacist.
That was her dream. So. when I told her
that I wanted to play in piano bars
with my dad.
on the one hand I could see him
with heart-shaped eyes.
while on the other. she was like.
"No! I failed!
"I've lost her to music. too."
If you weren't a singer.
what would you have been?
Either an architect or a ceramic painter.
And I would have fought really hard
to play in piano bars.
-All that stuff.
-All wasted.
Shall we freeze it?
-Here I am.
-Hey. where have you been?
She's been playing for half an hour.
Everyone will leave.
No. come on. She studies
at the Conservatory. that's why.
-How many people are there?
-25 people. We're half full.
-Good.
-There's Ale for you. Do you remember him?
Of course I do! He's not here for me.
he's here for your lasagna.
-Stop it!
-Yes.
-Hi.
Good evening. everyone.
Enjoy your dinner.
Let's let the music do the talking.
Volume up. okay?
They said to keep it down
to avoid disturbing them while eating.
Always the same.
In this carousel of souls
Those who turn are lost
And stay here
I know for sure. my friend
I turned. too
And I had to run to reach you
And tell me why
In this carousel of souls
There is not
No
A place to shake ourselves off
What we were told and
What we already know
SAN SIRO STADIUM. MILAN
JUNE 2. 2007
I'll take the train to Paradise City
I'll take a seat
SAN SIRO WITH YOU
DESTINATION PARADISE!!
And you sat there at my side
Will tell me
Destination: Paradise
Paradise City
Music has given me
indescribable satisfaction.
The night in San Siro is one of those.
You know…
This is the first time in San Siro for me.
I'm proud to represent
my Italian female colleagues
who will come up on this stage.
because tonight I'm the first one.
but I won't be the last one.
Music took me around the world. too.
New York.
Thanks to music. I had the chance
to meet
incredible people and awesome artists
who used to be my idols.
and now I'm lucky enough
to call them friends.
I got to know many cultures
and languages.
But above all. I got to know
the Latin American world.
which is my second family.
Look what she has here.
Ah! Brazilian!
It's a gift from Hebe.
Hola!
I think that in another life
I must've been Spanish
or Brazilian. Mexican…
Are you all right?
We're having a concert in Panama.
When I'm there. I feel at home.
The people there make me feel at home.
Thank you Uruguay. Paraguay.
Ecuador. Chile.
and above all. the people
who were born and live in Buenos Aires.
Good night!
There was a time in my life
before meeting Paolo
in which. despite my career going well.
everything else was hard to cope with.
Laura!
You're always under the spotlight.
you feel people are close to you
for your success and money.
Laura?
You never know if the love you get
is 100% genuine.
I couldn't make any of my personal dreams
come true.
Luckily. at that time.
I had the strength to write
Resta in Ascolto.
It was an important record for me.
The first one I had produced by myself.
a real adventure.
Thanks to that record.
I won an award which is
really important for musicians.
But then. after the ceremony.
I went to my hotel room
and I was alone.
With the Grammy in hand. but alone.
At that time.
my family couldn't travel with me
and I didn't have a boyfriend.
I remember I had a burger
delivered to my room
and the waiter also brought
a bottle of champagne
to celebrate with him.
I completely felt in a black hole.
I had the golden Grammy with me.
but everything else around me was dark.
If I had no one to celebrate with.
I was clearly doing something wrong.
That's when I realized
I wasn't giving the right value
to my priorities.
My family. my friends.
the people I really cared about.
You have six months of back rent.
If you don't pay everything
by the end of the month.
I'll kick you and all your friends out.
Okay? Have a good day.
But. as usual.
when I realize I'm doing something wrong
or there's a problem.
I don't stop.
PAUSINI CERAMICS
Listen. Laura. I don't have your strength.
You opened up this shop
and raised Marcello on your own.
If I have to close the restaurant.
I don't know what to do.
All the other girls. too.
I have an idea.
Let's organize a big dinner. an event.
Some sort of new opening.
a new inauguration.
Yes.
We can ask Cristiano
to prepare a new menu.
We'll advertise it in Faenza
and the towns around.
But we need a theme.
Like. "The 90s."
-Yes!
-Both for the food and the music.
-A big night.
-Yes. a big event.
2009. "FRIENDS FOR ABRUZZO"
FUNDRAISING FOR THE EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS
Thank you!
We're here for Abruzzo. We're all here.
And tonight
we're making history in San Siro!
When I was a kid. my dad taught me
the huge power music can have
to change people's minds.
Mainly towards those who are most in need.
Tonight we are calling for education.
health. and justice.
CHIME FOR CHANGE
LONDON. JUNE 1. 2013
For every girl. every woman. everywhere.
Make some noise!
I feel privileged to be able
to be on the front line.
to do something important
for the causes I believe in.
When Paola was four months old.
I was invited by Beyoncé
to participate in the charity concert
"Chime For Change" in London.
I had thought to travel less.
to do less promotion and less concerts.
to reconsider the way I used to live.
But in the end. we tried to go.
When we were on the flight.
she sent us a message as if to say.
"I'm ready. I want to travel with you."
Mom. you take that.
From then on. we never stopped.
We'll meet you in Rome. bye.
For the first six years of her life.
we did everything and then some.
-Where are we?
-We're in Miami. yay!
When you see her travelling.
she seems born for this.
she knows her way
around an airport. a hotel…
We always saw her happy.
that's why we didn't even realize
that my work.
instead of decreasing. intensified.
Laura!
Because. in addition to concerts
and records.
now there was also the whole TV world.
I did two editions of The Voice in Mexico
and two in Spain.
One X Factor in Spain…
Tonight I'm really bitchy.
…two La Banda in Miami.
Laura e Paola in Italy…
If we post a nice picture on Twitter.
maybe it even becomes a trending topic.
Hey kiddo. be careful
or I'll pop your trending topic.
Pop it?
…Stasera Laura in Taormina
and so many other things
I cannot believe I did.
Let me stroke your hair like 20 years ago.
-You're even more beautiful now.
-Thank you. Pippo.
-Wow. So cool.
-Do you like it?
Paola is older now.
she started elementary school
and I wish for her to have roots.
friends. a routine.
Because touring the world.
singing on the biggest stages.
moving from one latitude to another
is beautiful
and it may seem just beautiful.
-Mom!
-Sorry. love.
I have to turn off the phone now.
But real life
inevitably gets put aside.
Tonight. it feels strange to sing.
Tonight I'm losing my best friend.
But I'm here.
And I'm here because this is my job.
And I'm…
I was very…
I'm a bit confused. I don't know
if I'm doing the right thing.
But earlier. when I started to sing
the third song.
Come se non fosse stato mai amore.
I realized I was not wrong.
I had to be here.
I wanted to be here.
and he wanted me to be here.
But I'm telling you…
And please. understand me…
Sometimes I can't be smiling
throughout the whole song
because I think
I'd like to be there with him
and hold his hand while he's dying.
Giuseppe was my neighbor.
Our houses were as close
as we came to be.
We were like brother and sister.
I met him and Francesco. his boyfriend.
when I was living alone.
We laughed and cried a lot together.
That night.
after the concert.
while I was going back to Milan by car
Giuseppe passed away.
During the months after his death.
I felt wrapped up in a very strange vibe.
As if I had cotton on my face.
I kept going. but I couldn't see anything.
So. I decided to go back home.
Once again. when I don't feel right.
I have to go back home.
-Here they are! Go. go. go!
-Come!
-Who is it?
-Go meet them.
-Marlon. who is it?
-Finally!
-Hi!
-Hello!
Hi. Marlon!
I know my parents are there.
my dog Marlon. my town.
and one of the people I love the most.
my sister Silvia.
She's always with me. even when she can't.
Sister of the year!
We're different
and we have two different lives.
Look at these costumes.
But we've been very close
since we were kids.
When Paola saw it. she said.
"Auntie had curly hair."
What's the news here in Solarolo?
Hi.
In Solarolo. there are my friends. too.
-People get together. then break up.
-Well. tell me everything. Catch me up.
Andrea is my friend from church.
while Franco had to put up
with all my teenage tantrums.
-It's been so long.
-Really long.
-Do you remember where you used to sing?
-Over there.
A night of sweat
On the boat in the sea
And while the sky gets clear
You look at your empty nets
But the voice calling you
Let's go to Elisa's to get some bread.
Good morning. you're already here!
-Hi. Paola!
-Yes.
Then there are "the Synchronettes."
my schoolmates.
-Hi.
-How are you?
I did everything with them.
Ready? One. two. three.
The Synchronettes Party 2017!
We're called "the Synchronettes"
because we're synchronized.
or at least we think we are.
Come on!
One. two. three…
Well?
Go. Synchronettes!
I often rely on them.
Synchronettes!
-How is it?
-Very good.
I like that my friends from Solarolo
look at me as they used to
when we were in school.
-I don't…
-I know why you were there.
You went to check Paino.
I'm sure of that!
They make fun of me as they used to.
they love me as they used to.
and if they don't agree
with something.
they tell me as they used to.
Anyway. you missed me and her in piano bar
singing…
While on TV
Drink it because it's Tropicana. yeah
With some shimmying. too.
In Romagna. I have time to listen
and to be listened by others.
Especially my parents.
-So?
-What's new in your life?
I don't know.
It's been a strange period for me.
And. I have to say. I'm a bit… confused.
-Unsettled.
-Unsettled. yes.
For the first time. I wondered.
"What would've happened
if I hadn't won Sanremo?"
Well. you had a lot of dreams
besides singing.
Studying Architecture. doing pottery…
You would've had a normal life. let's say.
With all the problems
normal people have to overcome.
-Maybe I've never…
-You've never lived it.
-No.
It's like I only know one kind of life.
Which is not a normal one.
Unfortunately… I mean. I say
"unfortunately" because in my opinion.
that's the downside of your life.
You've had many upsides. but now
the downside is difficult to cope with.
I didn't even want you to sing.
I know. That's why…
I've never hindered you. but…
With the years passing.
especially since Paola was born.
I feel more and more
like I'm made
of two different personalities.
Yours. with your beliefs.
and his. with his beliefs.
Maybe until now I've lived with enthusiasm
because I'm like him.
but I controlled it
because I'm also like you.
And I'm grateful for that.
because I think I'm too normal
and I can no longer keep up
with that other big world
that drives you crazy.
It's a responsibility.
so it's hard. I get it.
Moreover. Paola has started to say.
"I'm not as good as you are.
"I'm not as talented as you are…"
And that's always been
a cause for concern for me.
because I'm afraid that my presence
is overshadowing her.
I'm doing too many things that…
make her think…
Famous people's children always feel
some responsibilities upon them.
Right.
-That's how it is.
-I don't know what to do. What can I…
I didn't want to…
If I have to devote myself
to my career.
with everything it's given me so far.
I don't have time to devote myself to her.
It's not the only thing...
But in the last two years.
I could help her with homework.
I could pick her up at school…
I've felt more…
Happier about being…
Fairer to her. at peace with myself
for acting like a good mom.
But it's not just time
that turns you into a good mother.
It's not just that.
Maybe I see problems
that don't exist. Okay.
But he didn't answer my main question.
The first one I asked.
If I hadn't won Sanremo.
what do you think I would've done?
-Maybe piano bar…
-Cooking.
-She was…
-No. Dad. that's not true.
-You'd have been a culinary critic.
-Yes.
And I would have sung at night.
I don't think you would've kept going on
for long with piano bars.
-You don't?
-No.
Why is that? Tell me.
Because you would've lost the motivation.
being busy with another job.
She would've quit any other job.
-That's what she liked.
-See?
-That's my opinion.
Here everything seems fine. Very good.
Yes. we're ready.
Let's just hope somebody will show up.
Always positive. aren't you?
What are you doing?
Girls. you'll kill it tonight.
The event is advertised
all over Faenza and Imola.
Even the cashier knew about it.
It's not enough.
people also need to come here.
We only have 15 reservations so far.
Including your parents. your friends.
and a few relatives.
Damn it.
How is that possible?
We've advertised it in Faenza
and its surroundings.
everybody knows about it. Check again.
Oh. I forgot about our two daughters
and the restaurant landlady. We're 18.
I can ask my brothers. if you want.
They're always watching TV. but maybe
I can convince them for one night.
See? Everybody's at home.
Nobody enjoys going out anymore.
People don't want to share anymore
because they don't know how to.
It drives me crazy.
It's unbelievable. Aren't you bothered?
Don't you feel terribly angry?
It's not fair.
I can't take it anymore. I feel trapped.
It's like you just have to survive.
I won't accept that. I want to live.
Tonight we'll have a hell of a night.
All of us!
I want you all fired up!
I'll go get dressed now.
"Mom ranting about music."
I'd like to mock up…
ROME. MARCH 2021
PRELIMINARY MEETING FOR THE NEW ALBUM
…the release of the album in October.
Because by then. Paola will have been
in school for a month
-Yes.
-So…
Helps me to have time
to spend with my daughter. too.
since she's my priority.
So… let's say I deliver it
by the end of July.
I'd rather shoot the videoclip
between July and August.
because Paola won't be in school.
Okay.
How soon should we deliver
the first five songs?
The ideal would be
to do it within six months.
Between one thing and another. I've been
noting down songs since January 8th.
but maybe they're too many.
-How many are they?
-More than 1000.
But I still feel stuck.
You have the artist's block.
The artist's block.
No. I don't know. It's weird.
I feel like I've already said everything.
I'm afraid to…
I don't know. Sometimes I undervalue
and belittle myself.
I don't know why.
You need to take the mic.
record a lot of samples
and decide what you feel…
What inspires you.
I don't know. in this period…
I'm afraid to…
Once you start singing again…
I think everything will be all right.
-I don't know.
-It's better to get back in the saddle.
After winning the Golden Globe.
I felt like that was it. I mean…
What's more than that?
I felt like I had nothing to do anymore.
I needed to know
there's something waiting for me.
that I didn't know and I hadn't done yet.
Then something overwhelming happened.
It's time. Paola. come here.
The nomination for an Oscar.
Mom's nominated for an Oscar! Love!
Yay. guys!
Are you happy. love?
It was an atomic bomb.
My head's spinning.
Then. I started to feel
something inside that…
I had never experienced before.
Let's celebrate!
It was a struggle
which went from exhilaration…
We're going to the Oscars!
…to concern.
Dad? What happened?
Why do we have to go?
Is dad crying?
I feel a huge responsibility
representing my country.
You'll have a heart attack. Hold on.
Don't worry.
And on the other hand.
I was scared.
I don't want to go.
Don't worry. We won't go. we'll stay home.
Paola is crying.
she doesn't want to go to LA.
Something weird was happening in me.
I was really torn.
Yes. but…
Yes. but I…
I don't want to go. I don't feel like it.
I didn't want to go.
they didn't give me the visa
for Paola to go.
so I thought that coincidence
was like an omen.
In Covid times? I'll be really far away.
I don't know. I feel like…
I can't breathe.
Every time I get nominated
or win an award.
a part of me feels uncomfortable.
Because an award is a big responsibility.
We've won again. Italy.
It makes you feel
like you have to do more.
Like you have to give back to people
and life everything you've received.
And I never feel I did.
Because what I've received is too big.
It's too much.
Sometimes I still feel like…
when I was a kid in Solarolo.
I mean…
I don't know why this happened to me.
Everybody kept telling me I had to go.
But I was feeling very torn inside.
Then. Paola came to me
and said.
"Mom. if you don't go it's a mistake.
"I'm happy. I'll wait for you at home
with grandpa. Go."
So. I went.
I went to Los Angeles.
APRIL 2021
Inside this beautiful dress.
they have sewn a small pocket
for my magic wand.
It was a gift from my friend Giuseppe
for my first nomination to the Grammys.
He said it would bring me luck.
So. every time I get a nomination.
I bring it with me ever since.
I bring Giuseppe with me.
Here it is.
Nobody knows. nobody can see it. but I do.
-I just broke a tooth.
-I want a candy.
-I only have this one.
-Thanks.
I should warm up my voice.
Go ahead.
No. Yes. first…
There's more subtle notes in falsetto.
Yes. but…
-Will we do well?
-We'll do great.
-Right?
-Yes.
Yes. of course.
I swear I'm not nervous.
Why would you be nervous?
You know it's not like me.
Of course.
It's so easy.
But I'll be scared to death in there.
Well…
Hey. look.
What happened?
Everybody showed up
after your rant video on social media.
It went viral.
What video? I didn't record any video.
It was you. huh?
Sing well. Mom.
Yes. sweetheart.
I'll sing for you.
-Good evening.
Hi. Mom. Hi. Dad. Hi. Silvia.
-Hi. friends.
-Hi!
Thank you very much.
Are you ready?
We're shaking here.
but we're all very happy.
I want to live this adventure with you.
I'm really excited.
Tonight we'll sing a lot of songs
and we hope you'll be happy here with us.
I'd say it's time to start.
I don't know
What your destiny is
But if you want
If you want me
I am here
Nobody sees you
I do
I want you to know
That you're seen
Bravo!
No. I can't look! I can't!
-Let me go.
-No…
Nothing.
The one I said won.
Too bad.
-What?
-Someone else won.
Well. whatever.
It is what it is.
-Daddy?
-Yes. hi.
I know you're tired.
I'm sorry I kept you awake all night.
But I'm so happy. Dad.
I mean… what an adventure!
It was good anyway.
What did Paola say?
-Paola…
-Was she asleep?
No. she watched it all. she liked it.
She was happy anyway.
This is an important lesson for her
because for a kid.
it's not that healthy to see…
-Of course.
-…their parents always winning.
I'm happy. Dad. Believe me.
You know that if I don't win
something I really want.
I'm very angry afterwards.
But this time I feel free
of a huge burden.
Okay. no problem at all.
I…
I just want to go home.
I'll go eat a burger now.
-Okay.
-And then I'm coming home!
To my daughter!
Thank you very much.
It's good.
My love. we deserve…
a big kiss.
Wow.
Hey…
Remember you're eating burger and fries
with an Oscar nominee.
That's right.
How does it feel to be
with an Oscar nominee?
Lucky me.
-Nothing has changed.
-Yeah.
If you'd won the Oscar
it would've been better.
Well…
-I'm happy anyway.
-That's good.
You know this won't happen again. right?
I think you're wrong.
This was only the first night
of many more to come.
We just need a theme.
and then we go straight to the goal.
Do whatever you want.
but I'm closing this place.
As long as we pay the rent. you can't.
And nobody can stop us piano bar girls.
Right. Excuse me.
I'm not so convinced.
but I like believing in you.
You should.
-Are you going?
-Yes.
-You're coming?
-No.
Marcello went home with Irene.
but I don't want to go home now.
-I'll stay here a bit longer.
-Okay. Bye.
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
It was magical.
-Bye.
Marco has left and will never come back
The 7:30 am train without him
Is a soulless. metal heart
I wonder if you'll think about me
If you never talk to your parents
It's not possible to divide
The story of us two
Loneliness
My biggest success of this past year
has been showing my daughter
that her mom both won and lost.
Because that's how life is.
Trying to imagine a different me
has reminded me
I don't need a big stage to be happy.
Happiness lies in our passions
and in being able
to love ourselves.
Whatever…
our destiny is.
PLEASED TO MEET YOU